hey YouTube this is primetime Pokemon I
have some free cars by mailed open up
today I'm not sure who these ones are
from yet just a first and last name on
the outside of the package open it up
here it looks like there's several
little packages on the inside plus the
note so I'll read the note first and
then show all the cards so here's the
note says right here
hello primetime Pokemon I love your
video so much I am such a fan I'd like
to give you some free Pokemon cards I
also included some code cards which I
haven't used yet I also have given you
please keep making great videos for me
and the rest of your YouTube and then
there is their name there and it says PS
sorry for some of the card conditions
and then down here is a signature write
you card so show mobile packages now
before I open them up there's one that
says open first hallows open second is
rare pokemon and then the open third
right here and then code cards that are
unused and i actually don't play the TCG
online that's why i give away all the
code cards that they get out of any of
the packs on my blog i can actually give
away some of these in this video as well
as on my blog will give the rest away so
it looks like there's duct tape here cut
through my scissors pretty tough to get
open actually looks like it's actually
in a white envelope here are the code
cards looks like some good ones there is
a journey Oscoda card leave alcohol and
then some legendary treasures 1 2 x + y
and then plasma blast series of code
card plasma blast set the rest aside for
now
okay so we'll open the one that says
open first
first of course cars looking pretty good
shape
okay so first card here is while blue
then there's a scraggy lombre fungus
shelgon mr. mime and all these been
reversed hollow so far her dear mining
there's a piloswine Gotha rita BPM said
a rare yes it is very nice there's a
Croagunk asha wat manectric wheedle
pulled two cars ER there's a basket lynn
feel croak rock skip loom see leo sim
Aesir leave any slacking i like that
card quite a bit right there
Oh another slacking so two good cards
right in a row and a scolipede and
finally a mag mortar so some very nice
cards in that stack right there a lot of
rare reverse Hallows and this one says
to open second rare pokemon in it
okay first card in this stack is a
Sharpedo then there's a stout land mu
Sharna samraat fly gun nine tails
Zoroark there's a nice dark Tyranitar
reverse holo rare there's a donphan
rampardos holo
Magnezone that's a team plasma card
Electro's hydrogen Infernape another
Infernape this is a team plasma holo
there's an ex excadrill Magnezone and a
couple of world championship cards in a
row to Taraki ins and the final card is
a druggy gone from the dragon vault set
and this is actually one of the cards
that was on the cover of the Dragon Ball
blister packs because it has dragon
vault in the holographic pattern pretty
good card right there onto the third and
final package from Krishna RA
Caron sleeves looks like I have to open
up these one by one it's the first one
here oh there is a legend card
unfortunately this legend card is a fake
card and if you watch my how to identify
fake pokemon cards video you'll see that
legend card should be more holographic
this one's a very flat card and on the
back it's definitely a different color
than this other one you can see the
difference there but this card right
here is definitely a real one tornadoes
this is a hollow foil card ok next
sleeve oh very nice
Giratina level X that's a black star
promo card and then the second card oh I
like that black kiram from the
boundaries cross set so some good cards
right in a row a second to last sleeve
here just one card in this one is
another Giratina and this one is from
the platinum set and then the final
sleeve here has two cards in it the
first one is a fire-type Arceus card
part of the AR subset and then the final
card is a manaphy holo so thanks a lot
to Krishna RA for sending me these free
cards by mail really appreciate it I'll
have a link to your YouTube channel in
the video description of this video and
then on my channel I'll have a box there
featuring your channel for a couple of
days after I upload this video to
YouTube so thanks for watching make sure
before you go to check out all the links
in the video description of this video
my blog Facebook and Twitter links and
stay tuned for more videos
thank you